
# Coaching

Emily sat on the edge of her bed, clutching her little stuffed bunny tight. Vivienne stood in front of the mirror as if the bedroom were an improvised stage, touching up her red lipstick.

"Alright, let's recap." Vivienne turned around with that classic 'I know better' look on her face. "Rule number one: eye contact. Longer than five seconds. Make them drown in your eyes."

"That sounds dangerous." – "That's the point."

Emily grimaced. "But I don't want them to... drown. Maybe just... splash around a bit."

Vivienne scoffed, took Emily's chin between her thumb and index finger, and gently tilted it up. "Sister dearest, you are a Benoît. We reinvent drowning. In champagne."

Emily pulled her head back and muttered, "My rule number one is: no touching in the first thirty minutes."

"And that's why you escaped through a restroom window seventeen minutes into your last date." Vivienne dropped onto the bed beside her, taking the stuffed bunny from her hands. "What's the plan this time? Using the cactus excuse again?"

"Maybe," Emily muttered, suddenly finding a tiny knot in her bedsheet highly fascinating.

Vivienne sighed. "Emilyth, dates aren't a museum. You don't have to handle things with velvet gloves. You just have to... be there. Truly there. Show some presence. Work your magic."

"I like my kind of magic. It's... quieter."

"Quiet is great. But quiet doesn't get anyone to buy you dessert." Vivienne jumped up, went to the closet, and pulled out a dress that was definitely not Emily's style. "Wear this."

"That is... see-through."

"It's transparent with confidence."

"We're going to a medieval festival," Emily complained. "I'm wearing my sweater dress." The only response her sister had left to that was a shake of her head.