# Fast Food

"I eat enough," Emily muttered as she unwrapped her Royal TS. "And healthy. Lettuce, tomatoes, sesame topping..." She cast a longing glance at her vanilla milkshake while keeping the phone pressed to her ear. 

"Emilyth, chérie. We can see your credit card statement. 'Healthy' looks different." Her mother's voice had taken on that affectionate sternness she could never resist. 

"But Muuuum..." she whined. "That's only sometimes. When I'm hungry." *If succubi aged slower than humans, then surely eight times a week still counted as 'sometimes.'*

"Chérie," Seraphine Benoît began in a gentle voice, "you wouldn't be hungry so often if you would finally feed on a human. Wasn't Vivienne going to help you? She never had any trouble getting a man into bed. Or a woman, if you prefer." 

Emily rolled her eyes. *Vivi, always Vivi. I could do it too, if everyone wasn't pushing me so much.*

"I know, Maman," Emily replied instead, cowering as usual. "On my next date—which is actually today," she said with pride, "I will feed. I promise." 

There was a moment of silence on the line. "We shall see," her mother replied, and for a brief second Emily heard her father's voice in the background. "Your papa wants me to tell you he loves you. And so do I, of course."

"I know," Emily whispered, blinking away a tear.

"Off you go then, chérie. I'm sure you still need to put on your makeup and get dressed before you leave." 

With an "Of course," Emily ended the call and looked down at her red wool sweater while happily sipping her milkshake. *I'm sure cherry lip balm counts as makeup. And maybe I'll still have time to put on a dress after eating.*
